# 📌 A puma at large

## Context

&#x20; Pumas are large, cat-like animals which are found in America. When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted forty-five miles south of London, they were not taken seriously. However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged to <mark style="color:red;">investigate</mark>, for the descriptions given by people who claimed to have seen the puma were <mark style="color:red;">extraordinarily</mark> similar.

&#x20; The hunt for the puma began in a small village where a woman picking blackberries saw 'a large cat' only five yards away from her. It immediately ran away when she saw it, and experts confirmed that a puma will not attack a human being unless it is cornered. The **search** proved difficult, for the puma was often observed at one place in the morning and at another place twenty miles away in the evening. Wherever it went, it left behind it a trail of dead **deer** and small animals like **rabbit**<mark style="color:red;">**s**</mark>. Paw prints were seen in a number of places and puma fur was **found** clinging to bushes. **Several** people complain<mark style="color:red;">ed</mark> of 'cat-like noises' at night and a businessman on a fishing trip saw the puma **up a tree**. The experts were now fully <mark style="color:red;">**convinced**</mark> that the animal was a puma, but where had it come from? As **no pumas had been reported** missing from any zoo in the country, this one must **have been** in the possession of a private **collector** and somehow managed to escape. The hunt went on for several weeks, but the puma was not caught. It is disturbing to think that a dangerous wild animal is still at large in the quiet countryside.
